=pod

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::ReportPrereqs - Report on prerequisite versions during automated testing

=head1 VERSION

version 0.004

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  # in dist.ini
  [Test::ReportPrereqs]
  include = Acme::FYI
  exclude = Acme::Dont::Care

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This L<Dist::Zilla> plugin adds a t/00-report-prereqs.t test file.  If
AUTOMATED_TESTING is true, it reports the version of all modules listed in the
distribution metadata prerequisites (including 'recommends', 'suggests', etc.).

If a MYMETA.json file exists and L<CPAN::Meta> is installed on the testing
machine, MYMETA.json will be examined for prerequisites in addition, as it
would include any dynamic prerequisites not set in the distribution metadata.

Versions are reported based on the result of C<parse_version> from
L<ExtUtils::MakeMaker>, which means prerequisite modules are not actually
loaded (which avoids various edge cases with certain modules). Parse errors are
reported as "undef".  If a module is not installed, "missing" is reported
instead of a version string.

=for Pod::Coverage after_build
mvp_multivalue_args

=head1 CONFIGURATION

=head2 include

An C<include> attribute can be specified (multiple times) to add modules
to the report.  This can be useful if there is a module in the dependency
chain that is problematic but is not directly required by this project.

=head2 exclude

An C<exclude> attribute can be specified (multiple times) to remove
modules from the report (if you had a reason to do so).

=head1 SEE ALSO

Other Dist::Zilla::Plugins do similar things in slightly different ways that didn't
suit my style and needs.

=over 4

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::PrereqsFromMeta> -- requires prereqs to be satisfied

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::ReportVersions> -- bundles a copy of YAML::Tiny, reads prereqs only from META.yml, and attempts to load them with C<require>

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::ReportVersions::Tiny> -- static list only, loads modules with C<require>

=back

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-ReportPrereqs>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/dist-zilla-plugin-test-reportprereqs>

  git clone https://github.com/dagolden/dist-zilla-plugin-test-reportprereqs.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2012 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

